### `list` methods
 ```
difference, complement, map, slice, includes, indexOf, lastIndexOf,
push, append, head, last, tail, init, uncons, unconsr, concat,
concatMap, reverse, intersperse, intercalate, transpose, subsequences,
swapped, permutations, foldl, foldr, foldl1, foldr1, mapAccumL,
mapAccumR, iterate, repeat, replicate, cycle, unfoldr, findIndex,
findIndices, elemIndex, elemIndices, take, drop, splitAt, takeWhile,
dropWhile, dropWhileEnd, span, breakOnList, at, find, forEach, filter,
partition, elem, notElem, isPrefixOf, isSuffixOf, isInfixOf,
isSubsequenceOf, group, groupBy, inits, tails, stripPrefix, zip, zipN,
zip3, zip4, zip5, zipWith, zipWithN, zipWith3, zipWith4, zipWith5,
unzip, unzipN, any, all, and, or, not, sum, product, maximum, minimum,
scanl, scanl1, scanr, scanr1, nub, remove, sort, sortOn, sortBy, insert,
insertBy, nubBy, removeBy, removeFirstsBy, unionBy, union, intersect,
intersectBy, range
```
### `listUtils` methods
 ```
sliceFrom, sliceTo, sliceCopy, genericAscOrdering, lengths, toShortest,
reduceUntil, reduceUntilRight, reduce, reduceRight, lastIndex,
findIndexWhere, findIndexWhereRight, findIndicesWhere, findWhere,
aggregateArr$
```
### `object` methods
 ```
instanceOf, hasOwnProperty, length, assign, keys, lookup, typeOf, copy,
toTypeRef, toTypeRefName, isFunction, isType, isOfType, isClass,
isCallable, isObject, isBoolean, isNumber, isString, isMap, isSet,
isWeakMap, isWeakSet, isUndefined, isNull, isSymbol,
isUsableImmutablePrimitive, isEmptyList, isEmptyObject,
isEmptyCollection, isEmpty, isset, isArray, of, searchObj, assignDeep,
objUnion, objIntersect, objDifference, objComplement, log, error, peek,
jsonClone, toArray, toAssocList, toAssocListDeep, fromAssocList,
fromAssocListDeep
```
### `function` methods
 ```
apply, call, compose, curryN, curry, curry2, curry3, curry4, curry5,
flipN, flip, id, negateF, negateF2, negateF3, negateFN, until,
fnOrError, noop
```
### `boolean` methods
 ```
isTruthy, isFalsy, alwaysTrue, alwaysFalse, equal, equalAll
```
### `errorThrowing` methods
 ```
typeRefsToStringOrError, defaultErrorMessageCall,
getErrorIfNotTypeThrower, getErrorIfNotTypesThrower, errorIfNotType,
errorIfNotTypes
```
### `string` methods
 ```
split, lines, words, unwords, unlines, lcaseFirst, ucaseFirst,
camelCase, classCase
```
### `utils` methods
 ```
fPureTakesOne, fPureTakes2, fPureTakes3, fPureTakes4, fPureTakes5,
fPureTakesOneOrMore
```
